---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kion_project_enforcement Resource - terraform-provider-kion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages enforcement rules for projects to control service usage based on various criteria likespend limits and timeframe restrictions. .
  This resource allows for creating, reading, updating, and deleting project-specific enforcement settings.
---

# kion_project_enforcement (Resource)

Manages enforcement rules for projects to control service usage based on various criteria likespend limits and timeframe restrictions. .

This resource allows for creating, reading, updating, and deleting project-specific enforcement settings.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `amount_type` (String) Type of the amount. Valid values are 'custom', 'last_month'.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag that specifies if the enforcement is enabled.
- `project_id` (Number) ID of the project under enforcement.
- `spend_option` (String) Type of spend option. Valid values are 'spend', 'remaining', 'spend_rate'.
- `threshold` (Number) Threshold value. Either a dollar amount or a percentage, depending on the threshold type.
- `threshold_type` (String) Type of the threshold value. Valid values are 'dollar', 'percent'.
- `timeframe` (String) Timeframe of the enforcement. Valid values are 'lifetime', 'month', 'year', 'funding_source'.

### Optional

- `cloud_rule_id` (Number) Defines a Cloud Rule ID associated with the enforcement.
- `description` (String) Optional, user-provided description of the enforcement.
- `notification_frequency` (String) Frequency at which notifications are sent for this enforcement.
- `ou_id` (Number) If enforcement is from an Organizational Unit (OU), this is the ID of the OU.
- `overburn` (Boolean) Flag that specifies if enforcement will place project in an overburn state when triggered.
- `service_id` (Number) ID of the service related to the enforcement.
- `user_group_ids` (List of Number) List of user group IDs that will receive notifications from the enforcement.
- `user_ids` (List of Number) List of user IDs that will receive notifications from the enforcement.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `triggered` (Boolean) Flag that specifies if the enforcement is currently triggered.
